docs(k8s): add control plane concept (#6430)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/kubernetes/concepts.mdx

- As the cluster's control plane and Load Balancer are managed by Scaleway, it is not possible to access them directly or configure them individually.
- A cluster requires a minimum of one pool of worker machines to deploy Kubernetes resources. Note that Pods must run on a worker node.

## Dedicated Control Plane
A **dedicated Control Plane** provides an isolated control plane exclusively for your cluster.

> All control plane components run on infrastructure dedicated to your organization, offering enhanced performance and isolation. This ensures no sharing of control plane infrastructure with other customers, resulting in predictable performance without potential noise from neighboring clusters. It is designed for critical production workloads requiring maximum reliability and is better suited for regulated industries with strict isolation requirements. This option involves a higher cost, reflecting the dedicated infrastructure and resources allocated to your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All control plane components run on infrastructure dedicated to your Organization, offering enhanced performance and isolation. This ensures no sharing of control plane infrastructure with other customers, resulting in predictable performance without potential noise from neighboring clusters. It is designed for critical production workloads requiring maximum reliability and is better suited to regulated industries with strict isolation requirements. This option has a higher cost, due to the dedicated infrastructure and resources allocated to your Organization.
```

- As the cluster's control plane and Load Balancer are managed by Scaleway, it is not possible to access them directly or configure them individually.
- A cluster requires a minimum of one pool of worker machines to deploy Kubernetes resources. Note that Pods must run on a worker node.

## Dedicated Control Plane
A **dedicated Control Plane** provides an isolated control plane exclusively for your cluster.
All control plane components run on infrastructure dedicated to your organization, offering enhanced performance and isolation. This ensures no sharing of control plane infrastructure with other customers,

> resulting in predictable performance without potential noise from neighboring clusters. It is designed for critical production workloads requiring maximum reliability and is better suited for regulated industries with strict isolation requirements. This option involves a higher cost, reflecting the dedicated infrastructure and resources allocated to your organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All control plane components run on infrastructure dedicated to your organization, offering enhanced performance and isolation. This ensures no sharing of control plane infrastructure with other customers, resulting in predictable performance without potential noise from neighboring clusters. It is designed for critical production workloads requiring maximum reliability and is better suited for regulated industries with strict isolation requirements. This option involves a higher cost, reflecting the dedicated infrastructure and resources allocated to your organization.
```

Reviewer 2: It looks like there was an extra line break/Enter mid-sentence.
